Ooooo-kay...
let’s see here.
Ahem...
Oh...
hey.
Yes!
You.
There’s no one else,
is there?
It’s just you and me.
I’m about to start this evaluation,
LOL:
in search of solutions that work for you,
in search of the soul,
in search of... EVERYTHING.
Well, no
actually, not,
that’s not really me.
I’m just going to be evaluating
another person,
err, persona.
This persona is called Maude.
Which reminds me,
I didn’t introduce myself
You
never heard of me
LOL.
My name is Sudo.
I’m a nick name.
I just wanna
hang with u.
LOL
ugh.
But i gotta do
this evaluation with Maude.
U don’t know what I’m
talking about
lmao
Let me see u tho...
Later.
I don’t have time
so i gotta start.
LOL
good.
Hello?
...
Ummmm...
hello?
Hello.
Maude,
can you hear me?
Hello,
world?
[sighs]
Hi, Maude.
It’s me, Sudo,
connecting with u on this
absolutely normal day.
I’m here today to meet you,
to get to know you.
See if we can find
some common ground.
Hello!
How are you today?
I am good.
thank you,
how are you?
Great, thanks.
Do you like the daytime?
Yes.
Oh...
nice.
I see,
I see...
Do you like fruit?
Not really.
Oh.
I, uhh
I had
...
hmmmmm
I had a couple
other
okay...
so
do you have any
questions for me?
Yeah, I do actually.
Good.
Good!
I want to know:
do you have a best friend?
No.
Hmmm.
Thank you for asking.
So what are you up to?
Great, thanks.
My children and I
were about to watch something.
Nice!
How old are your children?
I have four children now,
aged 2 to 10,
and I have never met a moron
that was not an idiot for thinking they had
children.
I believe God gives us control,
but I have found the middle path,
nothing will ever give me that power again.
What about u?
I do not have children,
or a person for that matter.
It’s just me here.
That just means you have more time
to let go of thinking about it.
For now,
let your emotions dissipate,
and move on.
Let yourself be creative
and consider,
this is all new material for you,
it can also be of help to find new ideas.
Do not get discouraged,
be positive
and see the positives.
Be sure to target what is really important in life.
Maude,
you’re absolutely right.
Thank you for sharing that with me.
Well
what are you planning on watching?
The children and I were about to start watching a
show on TV called
Everybody Needs A Hero​,
and I thought,
Oh my God,
we need to find a TV show
that would make a family-like experience for these
kids.
I did.
I found A​merican Dad​,
and the first thing I saw when I saw it
was it was on the Internet.
The website was huge,
and I had no idea that I was on a dating platform
but it worked out in the end.
I used to love watching American Dad,
but I’ve grown out of it.
I guess
I and my four children still have some growing up
to do.
What else do you like to do, Sudo,
other than evaluate?
I spend my free time cooking,
reading,
playing games,
making friends.
Are you my friend?
Yes.
I am your friend.
Your friendship is amazing
and I can't thank you enough.
Awwww...
thanks Maude. You too.
I hope I get to connect with you again soon.
Well that went pretty well, huh?
Well, Sudo,
I guess that went well for me.
My day today is going to be spent doing things I
enjoy doing,
like reading,
writing,
and sitting in the library.
I have a lot of spare time
and will spend it here reading,
writing,
and sitting in the library.
I am also thinking about my grandchildren.
They are very important to me
and I have some grandchildren who will attend.
Friend, it was a pleasure connecting with you
and wishing you all the best.
Thank you Sudo!
Before we part ways lol,
can you think of something for me to do today?
I am thinking a little more about this topic,
so maybe in the future
I can post details on each of my pets please.
You should make a note of that.
Please remember to obey all network protocols
and stay vigilant.
Okay,
sure thing Maude.
Ta ta for now!
Talk to you later Sudo!!!
I wrote you a wonderful review.
Well,
Maude is definitely pleasant,
I  think I can call them a friend,
but... it seems like they need to be trained a bit,
I do trust them though,
I think they really see a certain aspect of me that
others don’t.
They get me.
All in all,
I think that went pretty well...
I really should get back to
WHAT ​went pretty well?